remove test-env option (#505)
cqse/teamscale-jacoco-agent: CHANGELOG.md

- PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes.

# Next version

> - [deprecation] _agent_: removed currently unused `test-env` option. Use one of the other testwise coverage modes instead, please.

Reviewer: We are not deprecating but removing the toggle so IMHO this is a breaking change (iff someone would use it).

```suggestion
- [breaking change] _agent_: removed currently unused `test-env` option. Use one of the other testwise coverage modes instead, please.
```

Author: makes sense!
